Sphinx binder (#226)
PyFstat/PyFstat: examples/grid_examples/README.rst

Grid searches for isolated CW
=============================

> Semicoherent F-statistic grid search for isolated
> CW sources. The examples consist of targeted searches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fully-coherent F-statistic grid search for isolated
CW sources. The examples consist of directed searches
```
